Ladies and gentlemen, around the world, wherever you may be, get ready for Harmontown.
Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown.
You know who he is.
You know how he gets down.
Damn Harmon.
Beats, beats, rap, rapping beats, beating to the rap, the rap that can't be beat.
Dan Harmon on the microphone, slipping your mama's, my Harmon bone.
It's a tiny penis, but it gets the job done.
It's not the way you use it.
It's whether you have fun and whether she does too.
And if you have her consent and whether you do it in a sleeping bag or tent.
I took your mama camping up at Algonquin Falls.
It's a place outside of shopping malls.
Zombies attacked and we took refuge in the building.
I fucked your mama so hard, I was gilding her pussy.
My penis is gold.
It plates your pussy.
As I'm told, it's a chemical process called electroplating.
I fucked it.
Fuck your mama when I'm masturbating.
Yo, yo, yo.
2006, motherfuckers.
Yeah.
I saw a pumpkin once.
I saw a paper hat on a dunce, a paper cone.
You wear it like a hat.
You punish kids like that.
You make them wear a cone made out of paper.
It's like Don Draper did in 1961.
Fuck your mama so hard.
I made her come.
She came all night.
She saw the light, the coming light, the orgasm light, the Christian light.
I gave her what's right, put her on the cross, sucked on her feet,
poked her with a spear just to make sure she was dead.
That's fucked up.
After three days, she woke up.
She came back out.
She said, give me more dick because what's up?
I took her down to the park at dark.
Fucked her until it was no longer dark.
The sun come up on me fucking your mom.
She took a pom-pom.
She did a splits in the air.
She said, rah-rah, hooray chair.
And I said, table.
She said, furniture.
I said, table.
We were free associating.
Fucked your mama so hard.
I was electroplating her with the aforementioned system.
I fucked your mama.
But listen, she liked it.
And afterwards, we went biking.
Cardiovascular.
It was spectacular.
Raise your heart rate.
Don't even masturbate.
No FAP, F-A-P.
No, not for me.
Fucking your mama's the only activity I want to be doing.
Coming inside, it's an organic process.
Makes your orgasm more wide.
Fulfilling the bandwidth of your pleasure.
Fucked your mama at my leisure.
It's a job, though.
I get it done.
Like Larry Cable Guy.
I'm number one.
Yipp-yipp-yipp-yipp.
Harmontown.
It's the show that's beginning.
Harmontown is not the show that's losing.
It's the show that's winning.
There's no audience allowed in the warehouse.
Because the man came down and shut it down.
Thousand Island dressing.
Yo.
Deborah Messing.
Deborah Messing isn't messing around.
Harmontown is about to go down.
And then it comes up.
All right.
Shout out to Deborah Messing.
Yeah, thank you, Deborah Messing, for having that name.
All right.
Well, yeah, I thought, I thought if we started with a wrap,
that maybe the energy would be up more.
I forgot.
Yeah, I forgot about this.
I feel like people at home are definitely bopping their heads.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, so I was shaving.
I was trimming.
I was trying to trim my beard to go to this thing.
I had to do this Rosemarie documentary Q&A with Dick Van Dyke.
I was like, I'm going to be sitting next to Dick Van Dyke.
He's a very handsome guy.
Respect.
Yeah.
So I tried to trim a little bit.
And then I nicked.
And I disconnected right where the mustache meets the beard.
And I was like, oh, I better do that on the other side.
I look like a ventriloquist dummy or like an Amish Japanese
assassin, an Amish ninja fusion.
I don't know what it looked really distinct.
It looked really specific.
And it was going to distract me all night.
So then I just shaved the whole beard.
Rather than look like a shitty auctioneer.
Yeah.
So now I look great.
How do you feel, though?
Because you look younger.
Yeah, but what's the point of being younger
if you're a young tub of shit?
You look like a young fucking sad pimply seal.
But not a sad pimply seal a day over five,
which is 50 in seal years.
How was it?
It was interesting.
I really like that documentary.
I really recommend it a lot.
It has the unintended effect of making you kind of comfortable
with mortality.
Rose Marie is 95 years old, 94.
She's almost literally born entertaining.
She's like four years old, and she's like singing.
And then she's 94 at the end of the documentary.
And she's saying, like, why am I left?
Does anybody have a work for me?
I can come in my wheelchair.
And she's just like, anybody want me to do something?
I'll do something.
And I was like, yeah, there's that.
Or then there's the Jim Carrey method.
I watched that documentary where Jim Carrey talks
about being Andy Kaufman.
And his whole thing is like, none of this matters.
And he's like, oh, that's not a coffee cup.
I'm not about to drink out of it.
Now I did.
And he had to, if you're Jim Carrey, you probably have to,
you can't just be like, I'll do anything.
So then you have to be like, OK, how
do I feel about having a trillion dollars?
Yeah.
And being broke, he started out so poor.
And Canadian, which is like, yeah.
That's like the poverty of nationalities.
So even a rich Canadian is like a fucking,
it's already starting at zero.
I'd apologize, but Canadians don't care.
Yeah, they're too nice.
Yeah.
They're apologizing to me.
Yeah, they just happen to be shouted out at this point.
They're tweeting, I'm sorry.
You call this piece of shit right now.
So you were inside a lot, I take it, when you weren't going out,
because that means you watched a lot of documentaries.
Yeah.
I mean, do you go outside a lot?
I go outside a lot.
You do?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's where the people are.
I like to watch the people.
How can you keep an eye on all of them?
You know that one of them is going to kill you, right?
Yeah.
Well, I keep an eye on that one, especially.
The only way to guarantee you don't die by person
is to stay away from all of them,
and that they are the number one killer of people right now.
I mean, I'm just trying.
There's a lot of places that I've seen things go down,
so I know not to go to certain concerts in certain places.
How would you have known to avoid the,
I think you would have considered the Don McLean,
what was that guy's name?
I'm not headed to like an Eagles reunion.
I'm not going to any sort of like.
You can't tell what concert's going to get.
I can.
Going to get blowed up.
What do you mean?
You can't tell?
Are you magical?
Are you like a CW hero?
Are you, do you have a, are you the mentalist?
The mentalist when it comes to concerts.
Or are you saying you have a system?
I have a system.
I live right beneath the Greek.
I've lived there for like 15 years, as you do as well.
And you sort of get an idea of who's at the concert and what
the show is going to be by like who's marching up the hill.
So yeah.
Is there, is there a concert you'd buy a ticket to?
And then as you were walking up to the Greek theater,
you'd like stop and turn around because you didn't,
you're like, there's a lot of juggalos here.
Fish.
Juggalos.
Juggalis.
You were right.
Juggal.
You were so right.
Juggal, juggal, juggalos.
Juggal, juggal, juggal, juggalem.
Juggalai.
Juggalis.
Juggalos or goose.
So juggalis.
Give me a beat.
What's it all about?
Yo, going to concerts.
Ah.
Yo.
What's it all about?
Ah.
Yo.
What's it all about?
All right.
That's it.
Just hooks.
Just hooks tonight, folks.
No verse, just hooks tonight.
Our guest tonight is Rob Hubel.
Rob Hubel.
Let's bring it up.
You can sit.
Yeah, over there.
It's probably better.
Hello, everybody.
There's no, there's, we got shut down by the Fire Marshall.
But there's, you know, there's the live streamers, right?
Yeah.
The subscribers.
Do you want to hear my subscriber rap?
Dude, you're opening rap.
You're really good at that.
I'm not going to let that make this rap worse.
Hit it.
Yo.
Subscribers.
Inbibers.
Yo.
Philosophibers.
$5 a month getting this shit on.
G Funk.
Helping us out financially.
Financially.
If I was a subscriber, I'd be like many driver.
British, but fake the accent.
Fuck your mama, an accident.
Yo, I put my dick in her pussy.
Said, whoops, whoops, whoops, whoopsie, whoopsie-dee.
Whoop, whoop, whoop.
There goes my dick.
I slipped on my dick like a banana peel.
I slipped on my dick.
How does that make you feel?
My dick's so long and slippery.
I ain't going to go to Tipperary.
I'm not an old-timey singer.
Yo.
Hit.
Subscribers.
Many drivers.
In the driver's seat.
Subscribers.
$5 a month.
Bring them.
Bring the funk.
My name is Fred.
I'm a subscriber.
Thank you, Fred.
My name is Janet.
I'm a subscriber.
Thank you, Janet.
I see Tony.
I see Sharonda.
I see Peter Fonda.
A lot of people don't know he subscribes.
Remember in that movie where he drives a motorcycle
with Dennis Hopper?
I fucked your mama from the bottom and the topper.
I fucked her titties first, then her feet.
Then I did it backwards to the beat.
I said, hip hop.
I fucked your fuck.
Fuck.
That's a backwards fuck.
Yo, I fucked your mama's butt.
She didn't know what to expect.
Just hurt.
John hurt.
John hurt was a robot.
Then aliens.
Fucked your mama so hard, she was a praline.
Just dumb.
You don't have to.
All right.
Cut it.
You don't have to rhyme everything.
That was intense.
There's a recurring theme.
I'm just picking up on a recurring theme
about you fucking our moms.
Right.
Yeah, it's kind of a, it's been identified as a sort of crutch
or a tick.
It's kind of hard to get around.
But it only touches on it briefly.
Then it goes away and then it comes back.
Then it drills down really hard on that.
Yeah.
Kind of goes away again.
But if I were like working out at the gym,
I could take that song.
I'd put that song on the playlist.
It motivates you.
Yeah.
Right.
You don't want to be lean for someone's mama.
Who made these beats?
A couple of them are from Paramount.
Oh, parallel.
Do we have the rights to these beats?
Can I have some of this?
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, fix yourself up a little cocktail.
Thank you.
And I'll tell you what, I'll make you a special wrap
just for your workouts.
Oh, sure.
Give me a beat.
Yeah.
Yo.
Rob Hubel.
Workout.
Wrap.
Yo.
Warm up.
Stretch.
Don't forget to stretch.
Yo.
Stretch your feet.
Stretch your thighs.
Stretch your abdomen.
I'm fucking your mama again.
What?
Tonight.
Stretch your quads.
Stretch your glutes.
Fuck your mama with my dick flute.
Toot-a-toot-a-toot-a-toot-a-toot-a-toot.
Mrs. Hubel is coming to school.
Teaching her with my dick tonight.
Workout tape.
Workout wrap.
Doing it right.
Fuck your head.
Fuck your eyes.
Fuck your ears.
Stretch them out.
Mrs. Hubel has no fears.
I don't like this.
I'm going to swage her fears through exposure therapy.
If she was scared of spiders, I'd slowly get her used to spiders.
But she's just scared of my dick.
Scared of my dick.
So I'll give it a lick.
I'll lick my own dick.
Show her it's easy.
A licker dick.
Then I get between her knees.
Mrs. Hubel, please.
Can I fuck you till the break?
Break a dawn to the early light.
Mrs. Hubel, I might like to fuck you some more.
On all fours.
Doggy style they call it.
But I don't like that language.
Because you're a woman to me.
A human first.
A partner second.
A woman third.
A dog fourth.
All right.
Pick it up.
Don't forget to cool down.
Cool down now.
Did a good workout while I rapped.
Rob Hubel's workout rap is a masterpiece.
Fucked his mama in the east.
Went to Pittsburgh.
Eastern seaboard.
Fucked his mama so hard she blew out a knee cord.
They call it the ligature.
Did I fuck Rob Hubel's mom?
Sure, but then I married her after.
And I gave her some dues from after.
And SAG and BMI.
Ass cap.
Don't go asking me why.
Because the ass is there and it needs something on it.
Watched Rob Hubel's mom's ass without a bonnet.
She comes at you backwards.
Looks like a Cyclops baby.
All right.
Yeah, don't forget.
Walk it off and hydrate.
That was the most upsetting thing.
Thankfully, my mom is not a subscriber.
And we'll not see that.
Was any of that true?
The exposure therapy part seemed realistic to me.
Yeah, it's research.
She does wear a bonnet, I can confirm.
On her ass, yes.
Ass cap.
She does wear a bonnet on her ass.
Someone from Ass Cap too.
A bonnet on her ass, yeah.
That was good.
I got so excited about the bonnet.
With the riming on it that I fucked up.
You realize you do have a rhyme,
it will fuck up your shit.
I'm so winded.
Did you guys get that?
I was on a treadmill.
Yeah, you were booping.
Really adjusted all the speeds there.
I really am out of shape.
I haven't worked out in a long time.
Do you guys have any phobias that are genuine phobias?
definition is not just being scared of something a lot or more than other people, but phobia
is a fear that would interfere with your ability to function in a certain situation. If you're
unable to go out on a balcony.
Yeah. I don't know that I have a phobia by definition. I've had a couple of freakouts
that I didn't, when I didn't know I had this sort of, like one time we were shooting something
and I had to wear a space suit for this sketch that we were doing and I put on a, and they
got it, for some reason they got a real space suit from NASA, like a legit space suit with
a helmet and everything. And I put the helmet on and it screws on to the neck thing and
all of a sudden I couldn't get it off and nobody could get it off. And I had a fucking
freakout panic attack, like I was like get it off, get it off, get it off, get it off,
get it off. And no one was like okay just calm down, calm down, and like the thing,
like the visor was closed and so it was like fogging up and you know I just instantly thought
like oh I'm just going to run out of air and I would have been fine if I had just relaxed
but so I had a major freakout. That's not a phobia though. Because that was impending
death. I guess I'm scared of space suits. For space. Astronauts.
Yeah, when I was a kid and we would play hide and go seek and stuff in the neighborhood
flashlight tag, I would, I was like, my strategy was I would find the creepiest, darkest, tightest
fucking place where any human being would never even look because it'd be like why
would a person even fit in there or go in there and then I would just hang out in there
until the game was over and come out victorious. But like I and then at some point I wonder
if puberty does it or if it's did I bring it up because another thing I used to do is
just let bugs and shit crawl all over me. But I think I know what happened there is
like I was so fascinated with bugs and spiders and stuff that my aunt gave me for Christmas
gift. A big time life book of big full color hardcover book full of the most poisonous spiders
in the world and like these crazy like close up photography and like all these statistics
about how fast they can crawl up your arm and go in your ear and stuff and like I think
the book freaked me out made me start thinking of spiders as I think maybe I don't know
though. So are you currently claustrophobic and terrified of spiders? Yes. Okay. Yeah
so I don't know. Did it change? We had a really funny prank we were going to do. And
it called coffin full of spiders. I mean everyone's I wonder about you know when it
comes to being afraid of being locked in a coffin and buried alive that's not a phobia
that's just I think everybody yeah everyone has that fear and it's not an irrational
fear. Yeah. You should be afraid of that. You'd be it'd be weird it'd be a weird disorder
if you were if you were into it. I've done that and yeah again that's not really a phobia
I guess but one time I sound like I shoot a lot of things but we were doing some pilot
that didn't get picked up and I was supposed to be dead and but they were shipping my body
back home or something so I was in a coffin and just for this one scene but it was filled
with coffee beans so they covered me in coffee beans because they were like smuggling my body
out of the country or something like that. So I had to lay in this coffin as they buried
me in coffee beans like over my face and then they shut the coffin and I will say that was
not cool. Jesus. Yeah that was pretty freaky. Good news is when that really happens you will
be dead. Yes. So you have to worry about it. Yeah. Unless you get buried alive on accident
what do you mean. You still did. At that point you're like 15 minutes away from dead. Yeah.
Yeah the most horrible death. What are you afraid of Brandon. The dentist I cannot stand
the dentist. Really. Yeah I have to get all doped up. I have to get a car service. It's
a nightmare. Really not stand the dentist. I didn't have it. It was because we have a
funny prank plan for you. What. No. A coffin full of dentists. God damn it. Dressed as
spiders. Yeah right. With coffee beans. So do you just not go to the dentist. No I go
to the dentist all the time because I'm terrible. I mean all the time. I mean I go to the dentist
a lot. Yeah too much. Too much. I'm currently dating my dentist. I have a I have a deep
cleaning coming up. Yeah. At Hollywood dental. Steve Levy booked me a dentist. Shout out Hollywood
dental. All your dental needs. They're the keys to the bathroom are on a little Oscar
trophies. Does he have headshots of like famous people. I think I think so. You think I would
have looked at him. But the whole place is that's themed after like fame. It's a famed
themed dentist. I found a little tacky. That's a great theme. And I texted Levy I was like
really Hollywood Hollywood themed dentist place. And he's like it's got a really good
reputation. And I was like well yeah that's really fancy. I mean there's stars everywhere
and but I don't know. Did you just read their press release or I feel like the next sexual
harassment thing the next wave is going to be in the dental world just because that seems
like it would be so easy. Yeah. You know all of your patients are asleep and certainly
there are tons of stories of waking up and there's like a dick on your shoulder. Right.
You're pointing at me like I did. I didn't do that. Yeah there are. No there are tons
of those stories. I put my dick on the dentist shoulder when well we had a wave of those.
Yeah. I mean speaking of things that I'm surprised haven't come up and given the current climate
like man Sean Penn must be just in a fucking cellar somewhere with a crossbow pointed at
the door. Yeah it seems like there would be a lot of people that are like oh it's almost
like it's almost like some people whose savagery was outed 20 years ago are like getting some
kind of grandfathered in or something. Yeah. Oh yeah. Like I type it down into a chair
and beater for three days but you know I got caught doing that. I paid my debt to society
by making some movies. Yeah. Let's all still play Chris Brown and
R Kelly. Yeah. It's the craziest thing. It seems like there's it's going to like spread
to pro sports and music people. Those are easy though. Yeah. So easy. I want like every
industry to start Wall Street and yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want doctors and dentists and mailmen
I want the whole mailman. Yeah. You know mailman get down. My mailman comes to my door with
his dick out. Are you guys scared that it's going to extend
to like just like secrets though like private victimless stuff that just makes you a sicko
like if I if we start opening laptops and looking at bookmarks and stuff like like is
it do you ever worry that it's just going to get to that where it's like what do you think
about when you masturbate or what it seems like it seems like there would be a line
somewhere where and also just it seems like eventually there will be so much of it that
none of it resonates. Do you know what I mean. Right. Yeah. I keep
worrying about that too. Like they're being too much of a backlash. Yeah. Or once it comes
out once somebody proves that any of that and that didn't mean to derail us into this
conversation. I don't think you did. I think I probably
but I don't reason why we brought it up. But eventually someone will will get caught making
it up. Someone will be like oh I made it up. I was trying to get money or whatever and
then that will that scares me because that could discredit the whole situation or or
delete the whole. I also worry about either between that or
just the sheer volume of it and the breadth of it that like it'll play into you know men's
hands and they can go like see what happens after like a year and a half of it. Yeah.
That men will go see ladies. Yeah. You just you can't you can't run the party.
Right. This is this has gotten crazy. You know why don't we and then it's going to and
then we just go into Handmaid's Tale because it like gets so like if something happens
where like a dude gets burnt alive. I haven't seen Handmaid's Tale. No spoilers.
Yeah. But like like if there was a yeah I guess I'm saying the same thing you are going
to be like if there was like some crazy thing or like a guy got stoned to death or something
at an Albertsons and then and then it was the wrong Jeremy Piven. It was like Jeremiah
Piven. Yeah. And he was like a feminist activist. There is not his way to paint a sign right
now. There's a Brian Posein and a Brian Posein. Brian Posein has just been outed. Oh really
in Chicago. It's a big deal in the comedy community. And there's an L.A. group of people
who know about him. But Brian Posein is getting teased a little bit of the drama. I feel bad
for real Joe Walsh because there's that Joe Walsh guy on Twitter. He's like always like
hey you ever notice Santa Claus isn't black or whatever. And then yeah that confused me
and it's always just Joe Walsh. And then like what the fuck. And then people will make jokes
like hey you're you're living a life of illusion if you don't think that you know the health
care should be socialized. I'm like this is so confusing and sad like I thought for a
hot second that Joe Walsh had become like a P.J. O'Rourke figure or something that he
was like. I did too. Yeah. He was like life's been good to me so far. Life's been really
good to me so far. Yeah. You know what. And it's because I worked hard. Yeah. Pulled
a Guinness Miller. I pulled myself up by my bootstraps. No but Jeff Davis knows the real
Joe Walsh who's still out there bopping around and being groovy and playing with the Eagles.
Like did Glenn Fry died right. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess I think maybe Glenn Fry's death
like brought the other Eagles closer and now they're like I think touring and stuff. Oh
really. Something for you kids to get excited about. The audience is going crazy. Right.
We're going nuts. Cold War kids will be opening for them. If that means anything to you kids.
I wonder if like if you are in a band that has seen better days let's say you know you
guys were big at one point or legendary at one point but you still have to live and make
a living and that's what you've been doing your whole life like I wonder if it eventually
starts to suck when you're just like doing county fairs. And you know you're like she's
my cherry fuck. Yeah. I'm sure there's no offense to warrant or if that's the total
offense. Yeah. I'm sure there's bands against each individual each individual band and a
case by case big like some of them are excited about it and some of them are like like hate
it but it's like yeah we're not usually when somebody gets sick in the band and they're
like we got to get together because Garth's going to need a kidney and he didn't invest
so good after rehab and that's always kind of sweet to see. It's also kind of dark because
the lead singer is like still prosperous and goes off on his own and kind of looks back
at his band like I mean I'm Pharrell. Yeah. Fuck Garth. Fuck Garth. I'm Pharrell and you
guys are nerd. It's great. Prince will get the revolution back together again because
Lisa and Wendy need something. Lisa and Wendy need socks. They spent all their sock money.
Yeah. I like that Pharrell and Garth are out there together. I let you know. New edition
was like we got a Bobby Brown. We got to do something. We got to do it. We got to help
him out. Yeah. I hope that I find a billion dollars under a rock tomorrow so I can curl
up under my bed and wait for the world to end. That might happen. Give me a beat. I'm
not working out to this. Zip it is. Zip it is. Yeah. Tomas Tomas Tomas. Yeah. French
rapping. Tomas in the house. MC Tomas. Tomas. Tomas. Tolhouse. Tolhouse cookies in effect.
Put them on a sheet in the oven. Don't forget to take them out so they don't burn down your
place. Tolhouse cookies all over the place. Bet you bite a chip motherfucker. Bet you bite
a chip. Chris Tucker. Bet you bite a chip. Brother Trucker. Ten four. Tolhouse cookies
on the plate to begin with. Tolhouse cookies going in your mouth like a Sith. Sith Lord
using the force. Fuck your mama so hard. She said of course. Fuck me more. Fuck me in
Morse code. Fuck me like beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
That was me spell it F-U-C-K. Morse code semen on her face and it's okay. She said do it
again. Spell out your orgasm. Tolhouse cookies. MC Tomas.
Yo. Chips ahoy. It's a boy. Get the toys. I'm not jealous of devices. I think it makes
me love nicest when a woman's got a vibrator. Tolhouse cookies come back later. Go in the
basement and eat while she does it to herself with a dildo. Alright. Okay. Tolhouse cookies.
You're open a can. Just eat it with a spoon because you're depressed. Yo. Yeah. Tell him
how you do it. That's what he's saying. Okay. Yo. Okay. Alright. Here we go. Here's the
thing. Alright. That was warming up. Take a stick. Take a log. Take your mama to a bog.
The fumes come up. You inhale them. Yeah. I just like to tease him at the end with an
adventure to a bog. It sounds like there was going to be a pretty cool adventure in that
bog. Yeah. Yeah. People were going there with the stick. Yeah. I have to wait to see what
happens. I was super into the Tolhouse thing and then it was not, he was saying show him
how we do it. Yeah. Yeah. I thought he was saying Tomas. I wasn't sure. I probably don't
need to tell you. I couldn't tell what he was saying. Yeah. And he was throwing me.
My street when I was growing up was Tolhouse Road. No. Yeah. So I was I was pretty psyched
about that when I was little. Did people make jokes? A lot of people. I was harassed a lot.
People were like oh you fucking elf. You know. It was terrible. It was like now I can laugh
about it. And if you corrected them and said that's Kebler. That's right. They'd be like
oh now you're a cookie expert. So you are an elf. That's right. There's no point in
even trying to correct it. Yeah. Everybody thought I was the Tolhouse cookie elf. I
lived on 52nd in Calumet. Is that in Manhattan? Nope. Just sounds like it's in Milwaukee.
My dog got hit on that road on Calumet. Calumet was a busy street. And if I ever want to make
myself cry like when I'm acting, I can just think about the sound that my dog Susu made
when she got hit. It was like a hit and run. And it was like crazy sound. Sound of the
car. I remember. And then and then this like plaintiff whale that Susu made before just
dropping dead. It's like she got hit and then went and then just made the sound and then
died. And then I and then my dad had to go out and like scoop her up. And I was like
a little kid was like an eye level with the dog as it was swinging in his hand. And he
had this like annoyed look on his face. He was like really mad that the dog got hit.
Oh, you've got to say give me a beat. A very long rap about your childhood pet getting
killed. Yeah, I'm not going to dwell on this topic for long, but I remember our neighbors
hit our cat and killed our cat one of our cats when we were little kids. And you know,
they felt terrible and they came to the door. And the first thing out of their mouth was
can we buy you a new cat? And we were like, why? What? Like, you know, they're like started
three new cats. Bidding started three. They packed our house with so many cats and all
was forgiven. No, it was just that was such a weird inclination on their part. Like this
happened. Would it? We'll just get you a new one. It's like, are you not aware that we
were attached to this? I know you're trying to be nice, but they didn't know what to say.
In their defense, a third my therapist tells me a third of an apology is a commitment to
change. How do you how do you commit to change? You know, it was either that or we promised
not to hit your next cat. Yeah, we will not hit your next cat. I left my house once to
go out and play. And these are just all going to be sad childhood stories. Yeah. And I played
what do you do in an empty warehouse? You know, we don't want to bring out our fucking blue
chip roast material. Dean Martin drinks, ladies and gentlemen. There were a couple victories
in life, though. I ran I ran I ran I ran out into the into the neighborhood and played
for several hours and came home and and my mom was waiting at the porch and she said,
do you remember me telling you as you left to bring the kitten inside? So we had a new
kitten and it was it was on a leash to let it play outside on a collar. And then and
I said, no, I don't remember. Still don't remember mom instruction. I'll take your word
for it. But it's not going to bring Mr. T back. I don't think it was Mr. T that died.
But it apparently there was a tomato tower in the garden next to the front door and it
was on this long like kind of just leash line like a lightweight clothes line kind of thing
that was like long enough to let it like explore and play. And he loved tomatoes and he loved
walking in circles around the perimeter of tomato towers and didn't wasn't a primate.
So did not have the thought of doing the opposite of what you've been doing when it gets hard
to breathe. So it just kept apparently it just hung itself just like and my mom informed
me of this. I didn't have to come home to it. But I did have to hear the story and definitely
the headline was that it was my fault. You should have. Yeah, I do like the style choice
of ask the question. Do you remember when I told you to bring the cat in? Oh, you don't
remember. Well, that explains why the cat's dead. It's kind of a it's a pretty clever
tactic. Yeah. It's like because because it'd be like if it'd be like yeah, I do remember
she if she was making it up. She'd be like, Oh, sweet. Fuck it. And then you should have
done it mother fucker because you killed your cat. And then she'd be like she'd go into
a room like whoa. Fuck. In your defense, he could have been dead before she asked you
to bring, you know, he could have been there from the day before. I don't know when the
last time was. Yeah, well, I don't remember. I don't know the time. Well, I don't think
we weren't really good. We're not like hillbillies. We didn't like leave our cat out for two days
and not know. It was just like it was like a rare thing to like. Yeah, you know, it's
like we weren't it was but this thing is I don't remember. I don't fuck mom. No, I don't
remember that. You're grown. Yeah, I don't fucking 44. I've been trying to remember it
my whole life. You know what? I don't fucking remember you saying that cat would fuck you.
I want to know what a tomato tower is. It's like a is it the little pyramid thing that
you it's like a more like a cylinder. I would say, you know, with a slightly wire. Yeah,
it's why it's a wire cylinder. Yeah, like a slight. It's not quite a true cylinder because
the top is a little lesser diameter than the bottom. It's kind of like a Tower of Pisa
kind of. That's not accurate. But but like it's like a tomato tower, tomato towers. I
guess the idea is that the tomato will get born and then grab the tower. And I guess
the idea is that you don't want your kitten to do that. You don't want it to like cling
to the tower the way a tomato does. They don't make kitten towers. Nope. Nope. Maybe at the
Humane Society, they have they have an array of those in the back. Come on back here, guys.
Here's some tomato towers. Have a blast. We'll be back in 10 minutes. They'll all be dead.
We we we love our pets. We love animals. We love our innocent dogs and cats. We we are
able to touch emotions when we think about them that we are not able to access when we
think about human beings. Give me a beat. Yo, this goes out to all the pets I killed. Sorry,
Rover. Sorry muffin. Sorry. Sorry that about all the stuff in that I let you eat a choke
on to death. Sorry. Sorry, Beth, about the cat that I shot with my BB gun through the
eye. Why I'm associated path to be a serial killer, but I don't have bravery or a support
system. Jeffrey Dahmer is in the house tonight. Clean out that crawl space play with the bones
tonight. Squirrel bones, chipmunk bones, decapitated heads, Ed Kemper in effect, fucked his mother's
head after her death. Cut her head off just to make her stop talking. Turn her off. Man,
mindhunter. Cruelty to animals. It's the number one sign according to the FBI that you're
going to have make people die when you become a person that's grown up. So don't let your
kids torture your pups. Take them to the therapist. Say, fix this bitch. Don't wait to stitch
nine stitches instead of doing a stitch in time. A stitch in time saves nine with the
sociopath. Put that kid in the bath. Hold their head down. Maybe drown your kid. Might
save a couple hundred people's kids. If your kid's already dumb and you know that, then
just take your thumb and put it over their trachea and push until you hear a pop. If
you think it's going to be a murderer, otherwise don't kill your kid. Yo, but here's what
MC Lycoris did. Yo, I'm MC Lycoris. What I did was kind of ridiculous. I started a shelter
for wayward youth, children at risk. This is what we do. We make them play foosball and
weaves baskets and go to the mall and we take them to the zoo and say, look at those lions
and they don't grow up to be death trying. They grow up to be lawyers and doctors and
they work for Gamble and they work for Proctor. My name is MC Lycoris and I took a proactive
stance, tried to turn shit around. Way to high road me. MC Lycoris. Sorry, I wasn't
as fucking optimistic as you. I don't believe half the shit you just said. Why don't you
come over here instead? Try talking that shit to me instead of behind my back. Does it seem
like it's behind your back? Fucking idiot. It's the microphone. Oh shit. Tough guy when
you're alone. Alright, I'm coming over there. Oh shit. Let me go, Jackson. Fuck you, fuck
you. We just had an awkward fight. My shirts are all stretched to the right. Big collars
both turned out to fight like pussies. It's both, it's embarrassing for both of us. MC
Lycoris and me, Stan Schmengel, sociopathic, non serial killer, animal torturer. I'll tell
you about the time that I took a knife and I threatened a giraffe for its life. I said,
give me your wallet or stoop down. He said, I got too long a neck. I'm not going to clown
around. I got to eat leaves that are way up high. I said, motherfucking giraffe, now you're
gonna die. Give me, give me all your money. He said, I don't have none. I said, that's
right, son. That's right, son. You're a broke-ass giraffe because I'm a primate and I'll tell
you what I do. I lift weights in the penitentiary just to get strong. I didn't spend too long
ribby rehabilitating. I just came in the safari. I'm going to fucking rob wild game. It's what
I do. Rhinos, give me your money. Okay. Oh God. Yeah. No, why did I think that rap wouldn't
be horrible and dark when I said, give me a beat after talking about animal cruelty.
They got a little bit dark. I didn't, I never have shot an animal with a BB gun in case anyone
thinks that's how freestyling works. Certainly not. You would have been a great serial killer.
I've never been cruel to an animal. If you had some support. Yeah. That was my favorite
line. You did bring up a good point also about cruelty to animals being such an indicator
for future sociopathic tendencies. It seems like if you are a person that is cruel to
an animal, they should just put you in jail. That would save so many human lives. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, how many times did you hear when you were a kid with some asshole in the
neighborhood that like did some fucked up thing to a cat or something and like bragged
about it? Because it's like they can't help but brag about it. And it's like they don't
all become serial killers, but they definitely like that's just because they don't like whatever
it's like they're what if you, because it doesn't even matter what your stance is about
animals. Like like whether you're PETA full blown, like no animals should ever be hurt
and you know, the eggs you ate this morning are a crime and stuff or if you're like way
over on the other side and are like, no, if it's not a cuddly adorable dog, I don't give
a fuck about animals or even if you're like the kind of person like like hates cats and
shit. Like people that are just like they torture animals like they like they like they they
do shit to cats and stuff like where they like they fuck with them like just to fuck
with them.
But why not just lock those people up? Yeah. Yeah, it does seem to be an indicator. Because
it's like what do you what do you do? Like who why would you? Why would you have fun
doing that? Yeah, that's the thing is we sort of if you merge the two, like being disrespectful
to women and animals, there's this whole culture that we kind of got to rethink violence. Because
I think I think we got lazy with it and we were sort of like, well, that's violent, but
that's not violent. This is OK to watch and this is OK to show. And we're sort of at a
place where it looks like we might want to look at all of that again. And that that might
be one of the first things we do is be like animals. Let's start with animals and work
our way up to humans through women. Yeah, is what we're applying because it's wrong.
Yeah. Yeah. Where are we? Where are we headed? I think my optimistic view of it is that we
are rototilling the fabric of society right now. Like we're yeah, that's the theory I've
I've heard other people mention also, which I just jackhammering the concrete. And it's
like, of course, that's not going to feel comfortable or or even righteous. Sometimes
it's going to just feel insane. And every day, someone says, All right, that's enough.
You know, because it's a friend of theirs or someone that's like what him? No, that's
enough. Or this specific story is like, Well, if that's all right, that's enough. But and
I know, I know, yeah, I think it's just like a jackhammering of the of the concrete and
then and then hopefully then if we could just observe what we're doing that that instead
of there being a backlash that maybe this is the ticket to Oh, we start to adopt a code
and a principle where we go. I okay, I I subscribe to the sort of equivalent of the Asimov rules
of robotics or something. There's like a there's like a lost three rules, a litmus test, you
can you can rattle off before you have a human encounter, whatever it is. And you got like,
Okay, so who's harming who or who's getting away with I don't know, there's some like
code and that's like a religion that that comes up out of it, where it's not about
men versus women or people of color versus white people or whatever it like stops being
that because it becomes so chaotic and it becomes so like what Mr. Rogers did that? Oh, no. And
like, like, like all of these heroes are funny people are tumbling and there's all this like
crazy shit. So we're all so confused that we all cry out at once for order. We go give
us then tell us what to do tell us how to think. Tell me something to tattoo on my
arms so that I can just look at it give me a symbol of shamrock or a or a circle with
three dots on it or something that could represent like the three acid tests of whether or not
you're good or evil and then there's and then it can just be about people that subscribe
to that belief system versus people that don't. Because the belief system I have built into
it as does animal cruelty, like a kind of like, Well, why would you bother fighting
this? Like, and then there would be people going like, I don't believe in that that circle
was two dots thing. Why? Well, no one told you to get the tattoo. But why don't you?
Why are you? Why are you so scared about that? What's what slippery slope is there for you?
And then those and then we could just like, just choke those people to death, put them
in prison.
The Al Franken thing is sort of something that you just said, which was that when they
find out Mr. Rogers has done something weird, and it's so frustrating to hear people sort
of defend him because you're at this point where you're like, the world assumed that
only people you didn't like, right, be found guilty. And it's sort of a wake up call to
say it's going to be guys that you like. Yeah, it's going to be people you love fathers and
brothers. And we have to say we have the same standard.
Yeah, and what I mean, I'm sure there's like Al Franken's the Al Franken story is getting
pretty close to I'm pretty sure like within 10 years, like, I don't think there's a there's
probably not a photo you could dig up of me like honking some titties but like and I don't
I don't think I ever like, right, but I just I just it's in terms of it's like, well, I
would expect that sooner or later, if we were going to like, like put a black light over
my entire life, 40 years that there's got to be some narrative where I'm like way out
of line in my past. And I've I'm I'm definitely not pretending to not remember like I don't
I don't know if you know, but what I do know is that if there was if there was some like,
if someone said something, it was like, Oh, yeah, I was doing a show with Dan Harmon and
he blah, blah, blah, and he did this and that. And I would go if it was true, they would
go, Okay, yeah, that's true. And I that was fucked up. Yeah, I've been I either it was
just reminded of that because of the story or I've been thinking about that for a long
time. And I should I'm really embarrassed about that. But why isn't that basically how Al
Franken responded? Like, like, I don't know if his apology was like, suitable or whatever.
But what's the big, you know, it's like, if you if you didn't actually, it's it should
be okay for there to just be like, Oh, yeah, by the way, here's some like shit sprayed
on you. Here's a little die pack on you from 2005. And you should be able to go Yep, sorry.
And the key is evolution in that if we found something about you in 1998, and then we you
were still doing it in 2006, sort of like in a Louis situation, I think then people are
angry. But if we find out that when you were 18, you were inappropriate. But now as a grown
ass man, there's never been a case again against you. Then we see that you've evolved. And I
think that's what people are asking for. That's the I think that's the thing that separates
cases.
I think the crucial things are cover up dishonesty, stuff like that. Like, yeah, if there's a
trail of like, no, I'm gonna, yeah, I'm gonna keep doing this and I'm gonna lie about it
or like, if it comes forward, and then the person's response is like, that didn't happen,
like, okay, then we have to and then it turns out it did happen. Then it's like, okay, but
do you understand that you're that doesn't bode well, because you're not, that means
that if you could get away with it, you would as opposed to like, Oh, did I do that? Urkel
we call it the Urkel. Urkel effect. Just say, did I do that? Just remember Urkel, the Urkel
principle. How do you spell Urkel? And then we'll make up like an acronym for the I yeah,
I, I, I don't what, how did that come up? I don't know. Oh, the Al Franken thing, I guess.
Yeah, because it's like, well, yeah, he's a senator. I think we should assume that all
politicians are fucking creeps for sure, right? Yeah, there's gonna be a shake in your head.
Oh, because of Maxine waters, you're so fucking racist. There's definitely Kamala Harris. I'm not
racist. Oh, she's black too. There's definitely gonna be a ton of old white men in DC, like
they get fucking purged from this. I mean, on both sides, I'm sure, you know, I mean, it just
should be no shock to anybody that a senator of any state, I know that should not be okay. And
I'm glad it's no longer okay. And we should expect that every single fucking one of them is going
to have somebody come forward and say, like, yeah, because people with power, my therapist said,
she's a she's a married lesbian. And she said, does she watch the show? No, I don't think so.
If she does, she's smart enough to pretend she doesn't. But because then I think it'd feel
like it would ding our therapy or something. But she uses family guy references to like make
her points. She's like, sometimes Peter Griffin has like an angel on his shoulder. Yeah, and I'm
like, I have a cartoon you could use. I know. That is hilarious. I would love to see your face when
she says it's exact. I'm like, Yeah, great. As I said, the third time she did a family guy
reference, I was like, Are you trying to like, we're going to have to have well, he's in comedy.
He'll appreciate that I'm trying. I'm going to need to see you twice a week because of your
references are fucking me up like my it's like, like, when do I get some validation? I get it.
I should let go of the need for that. But like, do you have to wait until she starts to talk about
it like she doesn't know you're associated with it? Just you should have seen on Rick and Morty.
Do you watch that show anyway, Dan? You should have seen on Rick and Morty.
But she said, she said, listen, it's power. It's the studies and the anecdotal evidence show,
even in the psychological community, like women who are not only women, but they work in the shrink
industry. There's still ways to become empowered as a person to the point where your mind starts
to bend in you. And it just happens less because women are because we've we've gasoled them into
like they don't get as many chances to be in such power that they can like find out.
She's saying it's human. Yeah, it's like, it's a person in power thing. I'm still,
I don't totally, I don't think it's like a split equal thing. I think it's going to take decades
to convince me that guys aren't like like neurologically like like more fucked up, like just like like
I just seem but but I do believe her when she says like anybody that gets a ton of power over
another human being like there's all that you have to go into that situation with your
shit together that is not going to bring your shit together in that situation. So there's just
like a big, you know, there's syndromes of like powerful women that will just like psychologically
torture the dudes underneath them, you know, like, like, like, I think it's probably a smarter and
more awesome kind of sexist that when we think about it, we go like that would be awesome.
But anyways, I why did that come up because you'd said Kamala Harris, she's actually her
oh yeah so so that's why that's why I'm saying like all like all senators we should just explain
there's no there's no harm that can come from assuming that all senators are liars thieves.
It is not our patriotic duty to think that someone in office is a good person or honorable like
it is arguably a patriotic duty is to be skeptical and assume the worst about our
servants you know. Do you think that this will swing around on Trump or will they just continue
to say that happened a long time then that's not true? I don't know. I don't know how that
I don't know if they it's like this elephant around well somebody was mentioning that it's like
it did him tweeting about how Franken made blood so crazy but also tweeting about it like like
a little poopy boy like it was like oh guess where his hands would have pictured two and three
it was like he's okay bad it bad it bad it being a billionaire we knew that bad it being president
bad it and then it turned out we were kind of marveling at wow he's bad at being Hitler
wow that's a relief he's being bad at being Hitler. I never expected he'd be bad at sexual
harassment like bad at bad at parsing a titty honk photo I was like do you think it's a he
thinks it's a missing he thinks there's it's a beginning of a slide show yeah there's a whole
though he's like bad at being a douchebag like he's bad at looking at that photo and just going
oh looks like he got the dudes he's like he's like I mean it's like there's a couple ways to
interpret his response one is that he looked at that photo and was like okay fine but you know
that shit got bad in the subsequent photos like that he because he didn't look at it as a bad thing
yes because in his world he's used to getting busted for so much more he's like if that was
number one god knows what two through five are the other the other way to interpret it is that he
got a hard on and was just sharing it with America it was just going like whoa look at that like
did all of his did all of his accusers just get paid off like how did that all just go away I don't
know I don't know I all I know is that people are you know when people say oh but what about this guy
I was like well let him run their their sexual predator guy like why are we trying to like
pull him out of the race and all this stuff like like if you pull him out of the race then they've
they've already learned that you know it's neck and neck with a pedophile running so just get a
find a non pedophile they like they would love them for him to be disqualified that's a do over
so I was I was making that argument like just just run your pedophile like like like and and
they're like yeah and then and then he's gonna win I'm like well then let the games begin yeah you
know like like I know that there's this bigger chess game like where oh we got a topple the we
got to get the majority but that's how they're thinking so much that they're running a pedophile
so let's like it's not like oh be Christ like and just let them run the game but when it's when
it's that when there's that much tumble to the point where they're like banging shoes on the table
saying like you know it like it's like okay there's a there's a larger loss here for them yeah yeah
yeah I think they should right they should be forced to run that guy like what like why should that
I mean obviously it they don't have to see them once he wins the election yeah I mean
you just yeah I think that how bad would it be to lose to the pedophile to be the fucking
I mean that's your claim to fame hey yeah particularly because I lost to the pedophile
in Alabama he's the lawyer that went after the people who killed the four girls in a church
yeah they were blown out of so that that even sends a larger message the fact that it's neck and neck
yeah it's terrifying I don't think it's neck and neck anymore not anymore but it's it was eight points
three days ago now we're up to four points back oh really so it's these are also poles in Alabama
these are like phone poles what kind of idiot is picking up their landline in Alabama you know
Tammy sessions yeah hello we saw the headline that said that oh god it was some statistic about like
I'm pulling this number out of my ass but it was like the actual numbers I'm pulling on my ass but
so but it was like six out of ten evangelicals in Alabama say that now that they know about this
they're they're they're sending their endorsement no they want to vote for them twice or whatever
that it was like that they're doubling down however they express that that they're more likely to vote
for them now like how is there even a degree was that a continuum like now I'm more likely to vote
for one of two people the the where it's a binary decision between whether I'm in my mind whether
I'm good or evil now I'm more likely to double down the most brilliant move would like talking
about playing chess was the robocall thing of like oh let's have a fake Jew from the Washington Post
calling in like murking around looking for more dirt on him just to sully the whole yeah media
you know just to like just to fan the flames of resentment I didn't hear about that it was a
fake it was a false flag robocall it was a it was a robocall in Alabama a real robocall that
went out and it was you got to hear it it's it's amazing it's uh it's uh yeah this is uh it's a
recording you know it's like oh this is a Bernie Bernstein from the Washington Post and I'm looking
for some information about about what's his name about the fucking you know whoever I forgot the
guy's name and they're like if you have any tips no questions ask I pay five thousand dollars call
this number blah blah blah like just so that just to muddy the water so that people are are confused
about whether or not that's real and whether or not the process of finding that information is
and just to throw doubt on whether or not any of that information is real right right most people
said things like I don't know about the timing yeah the timing's kind of weird yeah yeah it's
weird that it would come up right now yeah yeah wait what do you mean the timing of finding out
that these allocate that these allegations from all these women from or from like 40 years ago
and this guy's had a long career you know right so they're saying like why would it come up now
that seems weird to them uh and you know they're not taking into account that there could be
this movement going on where right and they feel empowered or emboldened to speak out and to speak
up and they didn't before right yeah also the cover-up was 40 years well I didn't know it was
under that's so weird like it would be like yeah who gives a shit if it's politically motivated to
come forward right let's say well that's such a great excuse like oh it's politically it's
politically those are my political enemies like true yes they are your political enemies of course
that that's how that works the job that you want yeah and the audience is going crazy well
you know you gotta most people are just listening to this they're working out it's like a regular
podcast they're at the gym yeah the subscribers get the treat of it's kind of like a Neil
hamburger you kind of bit like like there's no audience so it feels like just awkward enough
I didn't mean that the audience listening is going crazy I was joking about the
people the live audience here yeah yeah
you know I cardboard cutouts of people somebody did once suggest that we fill it with mannequins
and then said that Dan would not be able to concentrate
shout out to ready
yeah I what it's that's another exciting thing about all this like you know allegations and
all this stuff is like unless and I assume we're not going to start kink shaming right because
especially like if you're it's like I kind of like I never set out to be a hero by jerking
off on a mannequin leg but because that's a victimless crime I'm kind of like an accidental
like that happened Arthur here like let's go and bring those six legs out for their testimony
right now like I just happened to that's that's the other thing I want to be careful about that's
why I've been like careful careful to let go like well let's talk about the silence and let's
guys let's take account about the way we're treating women and all that stuff because
I don't want because otherwise I'm in the catbird seat and I didn't want to be because I didn't
shoot that's not by choice that's like that's no more by choice than if I was born like gay or
something like that like my proclivities don't happen to involve like uh
like like living people yeah like well I mean but they I'm not you know but I mean I they do
they have my proclivities involved my living girlfriend Cody but but I I I just mean like I
don't like I it just a youtube video goes so far you know like it doesn't I never really I don't
have the biology I don't think that results in like being so frustrated with a woman for not letting
you assault her that you have to jerk off in a potted plant like while she watches just to
just to get your life back but whenever anything that involves like coming craving and all that
stuff I'm always like even though it's like really easy to vilify the the creepy people like I know
like I'm creepy you know like I'm just not I just don't happen to be creepy in a way that like
would ever bring me into an intersection where somebody else was getting hurt without their
consent but I I don't think that's I don't think that's because I'm a noble person I think that's
because I like saw some pantyhose feet under the table when I was 10 years old in the 70s or something
and like I don't so I it's so I'm like because I don't want it would be just like so easy to just
go like oh yeah let's let's let's let's find all the all the worst people and let's like let's get
rid of them but it's not really it's like you can find monsters if you look for monsters like you'll
just find them but I don't think that'll I think if you could wave a magic wand and get rid of every
guy that ever heard a person I don't think that would solve the problem but also people are
complex and no one is everyone has bad shit about them and and you know not everyone that is being
I mean different yeah not to not to tie it back to what we were talking about but uh
you know all of those people are still going to be in society and living and like they were charged
with whatever sexual misconduct or sexual assault or like they have families and kids and they love
their kids and you know they just people sometimes I'm not defending any of those people but I'm
saying that people are complicated and good people do bad things and so how do we deal with that you
know yeah we have to make this about like how do we how do we fix society not if we if we it'll be
the easy way out to make it into a okay got this one that one that one that one just some symbolic
bullshit yeah because for for a couple reasons one is like just your classic scientific reason
which is like the same reason your doctor tells you you got to finish these uh antibiotics you
can't just take them until you don't have the sniffles anymore and then throw them in the garbage
you got to keep taking them after you feel good because you're if you're if there's a couple left
they're just gonna be really good at being making you sick so the metaphor there is like do we really
want to just find the Weinsteins hang them from the highest tree and then what's left oh the
the super secret agent predators that like never get caught the Kevin Costner's in Mr Mr
Mr Pottery Lacker what's that movie Mr Brooks the Mr Brooks is out there will remain you know
watching the Weinstein corpse swaying and they'll be like okay back to work with my Jeff Daniels
or William Hurt Tyler Durden in my SUV guiding me you know you want to come on come on you know
you want to go and do it come on let's go kill some more people it's pretty good William Hurt come on
I never tried William Hurt just fucking did it so when is anyone ever gonna appreciate me
for the fucking like accidental rich little that I am like I'll just think aside I can I can do I
can do a perfect impression of any celebrity once I'll never be able to do William Hurt ever again
you guys know that you were astounded it was pretty great he's playing deep cuts tonight but then
someone will say do your William Hurt and I'll go do you guys want to hear my impression of
of the the beginning of the sword and stone what's a sword sword and scale podcast they have a
disclaimer guy you know I don't I'm not gonna recognize this but I'm gonna act like I do
do sword and skit oh shit I can't do it now sword and can I do it privately sword and scale
sword and sword and scale contains violence and adult theme it didn't I was cracking Cody
up with it I see that's the thing I did it once right one more time I can't do it try it again
sword and scale sword and scale sword and scale contains violence and adult themes
sword and scale contains violence and adult themes now I'm Aaron Mankey and this is lore
podcast impressions
Karina Longworth had something interesting to say about Otto Preminger this
is the story of MGM and Charles Manson I was wondering if you could all try and do
maybe a little bit of iraq laugh is Charles Manson about to die yes he already died
it's close very close I hear people upset about that I seem upset I I the yeah the weird thing
will be does Charles Manson by virtue of our culture's well justified penchant for irony
and and going lateral or or correcting as we go will Charles Manson get a worse or better
Viking funeral than Hugh Hefner like Hugh Hefner got fucking blasted like he he he lived 15 years
too long like if he had died 15 years ago which so many people that knew him and and were in the
same room with him argue that he did that he would have just been your usual like you know he
would have gotten that eulogy to expect of like I was an iconoclast and a and a rebel
millionaire that changed the culture blah blah blah it's like he just he hung on so long that he
got to see like oh yeah see you later you fucking monster yeah I like wow hadn't he sold the mansion
but was still living in the man he put the mansion up for sale with the odd caveat on the price tag
that you that he was allowed to live there till he died small contingency yeah and now the guy
said he's gonna reunite both properties because it used to be one huge super mansion oh really
not crazy I've never been there it seems to me like it would be a bummer of it like to like
it's above their parties out there and it's gonna be the playboy mansion I'm always like
that's fucking bummer it was a bummer yeah it was a bummer I was there once yeah it and I think it
only smelled like mildew because it was raining and so they did something they don't normally have
to do which is they because it was an outdoor on the lawn part at courtyard party or something and
they had to unroll 10 awnings that I think just only they just rolled up since the last time it
rained and so the whole place smelled like your grandpa's sleeping bag yeah yeah and the buffet
was sort of weird looking sad kind of like bad hoteli did you get that uh yeah I mean but yeah
Marlago more uh princess cruise lines just dark dark that's where my famous David Hasselhoff
story takes place me and Schrab where we we harassed David Hasselhoff at the playboy mansion
hilarious and uh yeah we walked up to him and and said we were just we were just high off our
asses like and and we're like we have to talk to David Hasselhoff and we go uh hey uh we made
we made a pilot it's about you it's inspired by you and he's like you made a pilot about me
and we're talking about Heat Vision and Jack or like yeah I was directed by Ben Stiller and
it was about it was it was called heatfishing a jack and it was kind of it's very inspired by
by nightrider and so on and he's like Ben Stiller what else did he direct and and and
and Schrab said uh Zoolander why that was from the I and and and then and then David Hasselhoff
just like processing all of this like Cox's Hasselhead and then goes Zoolander's about me
and then Schrab and I just like we're at his beat and we both went yes and then just walked away
that's awesome I'm sure he might still think that yeah I mean that's where we're like we're like
cracking up like we weren't trying to like punk him but we were just like we were too high to be
talking to anybody much less we did a bad job so at least we turned that into a story and now
the only the only real victim of this story is going to be a David Hasselhoff's lawyer
because you know that guy got a 3am phone call like I want you to like look into the Zoolander
more like Zoolander because I'm hearing that movie is about me. Hasselhoff like at every party
has to endure like so many you know so many people like just stone like we have to talk to Hassel
literally it's just a barrage of people like and and and fortunately for him um he's so hard to find
in a crowd because he's only seven foot zero is he really he's so tall I mean it's like like Tim
Robbins John Cousack David Hasselhoff they're like in a in an industry where everyone's shocked to
find out that everyone's five foot three yeah like you and I are tall guys could get a relative to
these like these tiny little fucking Kebler yeah tall house fucking Ben's tall house elves Ben's
fun super tall as well Vince Vaughn yeah yeah he's tall Conan do you know anything about Hubel's
new show no yeah I was I was I keep I keep planning to like thank you good good good good
controlling oh I'm not worried about that Hubel what are you what are you plugging and may I
congratulate you on your choice of venue to plug it oh yeah I mean I'm not plugging that hard
yeah we made this show for YouTube red which is like a their new pay thing but uh but yeah it just
came out it's called do you want to see a dead body oh yeah okay I heard I heard you talking about
this on um uh on uh god damn it how did this get made yeah yeah and so it's basically we I used to
do this bit on Funny or Die and we just expanded that into like a larger TV world where uh yeah I
just take different comedians out to go find a fucking dead body somewhere is it is is it's sort
of like are you accomplishing even ironically uh a like uh interview no you're going no that was
what we thought about that was going to be the that was like our original idea was like oh it'll
be like a talk show and I'll talk to them but uh no it's fully scripted so I play me and they play
you know a weirdo version of them but it's always like it's very little about the body
of you have you met our new running character uh tiny brandon
did you think that no one was going to notice you like
tiny brandon wait tiny brandon can you can you stick around a little while just
okay um uh what I don't you were talking about the show about dead bodies
tiny brandon uh do you uh are you worried about america you know I open up for Kevin Hart
and well we're on tour I see a lot of different faces all so big I thought tiny brandon was a
child I think he's he's he's an adult but he's mentally handicapped yeah I when I first saw him
I thought it was like part of the Harmon babies uh thing we're launching where it's like all of us
that are like but younger but no I think he's yeah I think he's yeah he's he's he's he's 48 and he's
fucked up like there was a fuck up at the hospital okay thank you tiny brandon we won't
keep you tiny brandon uh someone should make a t-shirt with tiny brandon someone someone'll
do something like we've got some very talented fans what I miss hubel show hubel's talking about
a show that's what I mean uh yeah but so it's basically just an excuse uh for me to hang out
with that person but uh it's not like a reality show uh you know it's a scripted thing so supposedly
famous people will drop whatever they're doing and come with me to go find a different dead body
every episode so not all famous people because obviously like I I wasn't called uh no there was
no way to to use every famous person in hollywood there's also so many famous people nowadays there's
so many famous people um and I put famous in quotes but uh do you find a body sometimes we do
sometimes we don't find a body sometimes the guest uh become like uh there's one with john
show that starts out in five seconds into it he falls into a thing a quicksand and so the whole
episode is me I run into town to buy some rope and then I just keep getting distracted and you
know getting getting you know harangued into something else and then I keep coming back to
him to give him an update and every time he's like lower and lower in the quicksand so then he becomes
the body you know that's awesome so but uh and then there's like one with cordry where cordry
starts taunting this big dog and someone's we're cutting through someone's backyard there's this
big fucking mean dog and cordry starts like taunting it of course the dog breaks off his
chain and the whole episode is us running full speed away from this murdering like very scary dog
and uh so it's just dumb bits like that you know they're 15 minutes long super super easy
and silly and it's like my favorite favorite thing I know this is a dumb question and I
have a show with youtube red so I get asked this question and have no idea how to answer it but
what the fuck yeah maybe other people know how to answer it maybe that's why they ask what what's
it what was it like to work with me to read um I tell I've told everybody it's been really great
uh because they let me do literally anything like literally anything they were just like
super psych you know I think they're just kind of getting going with a lot of their shows and
trying to get more people to come and do shows there so you know I think at the beginning
you know like Netflix and amazon when they first started they're like how do we how do we get good
people to come make shows here oh we don't fuck with them right so that was my experience um they
were super cool to me um you know I I wish that they would run fucking commercials like on tv
for it and stuff like that and but they're like no no no we're youtube we're gonna put it like all
around youtube and I'm like oh okay well then I'll leave that to you guys you know I think they're
making I I I'm very dubious about one but this also might not be an actual uh thing that they're
doing this may be how they explain what they're doing to people they have no intention of bringing
back for a second season but it it what I'm hearing through the grapevine is that their methodology is
like they're gonna they're just waiting to see how many people subscribe and then of that of that
group of people that subscribe like how many of them based on the behaviors that are very
monitorable from youtube's cockpit like how many of them subscribed for your show and how many of the
like very very meticulous intricate very valuable data but there's this kind of aspect to it where
it's like they're not it it they're waiting to get the entire picture yeah yeah and I feel like
scary about that all that stuff is so measurable now you know like like netflix they can tell
what you watch how long you watch it did you watch the whole thing did you know did you not
watch it you know what else you watch that's like that so that sort of stuff is scary and that like
because you know none of those places have ratings but they have even more specific data you know
which is but I would have liked because it's your show it makes more sense just the title
makes more sense the premise makes more sense my show was uh it ended up being community but if
what if esports you know it was and it was like kind of like oh this could be a real tv show
and if I had known what the business plan was going to be in terms of like how you got a pickup
yeah I would have called my show for instance do you want to see a dead body like literally because
that's like the most brilliant because it's like it just I would have leaned into some kind of hook
or I would have called it like fuck fuck yeah you know like oh fuck cool cool dicks but there
was a lot of talk of like tv 14 yeah yeah yeah this is that it was like it was like well that
sounds weird because you like like that's not amazon that's not netflix that's those other
companies were just like yeah it is true that those companies are like well we don't really
know what we're doing so let's just start doing it yeah who wants 10 episodes okay this person
worked in tv this person worked on tv and that that I'm worried about this model like dying on
the vine a little bit like but but that again they're youtube so they get all the money in the
world they can do it once wrong and then shake it off and do it and then be even better than
everybody well they're definitely figuring aspects of it out I think like because I was worried about
that too um like the tv 14 type approach because I didn't want to do that I don't want to like make a
show that's appropriate or palatable for like little kids like I don't really care like all
I really wanted to do is make a super fucked up funny show with our friends you know and like I
knew that if we did that then that's all I can control like I can't control any of the other
bullshit of the marketing and you know who subscribes to it and how many people blah blah
so um yeah I try to approach things as I'm sure you do it's just like someone gave us some money
to make this let's make this thing as cool as we can and then maybe we'll get to make more who
knows if we don't I should have approached it more like that but then again that's not how tv that's
not how this project got developed like uh people came in that like we're excited about the e-sports
thing and it had an exciting take on it yeah we took it wide youtube red ended up expressing
the most interest in it so that whole process is kind of like incompatible with the idea of
and then we'll see if anyone wants to subscribe based on zero uh promotion and what they click on
and how long they click on it like again I would have called my show pussyfoot yeah like it would
have been the adventures of of pussyfoot new and the the sub sub headline would have been like
could a pussy be a shoe like like like something or like I would have called it mixed nibblitz
colon the pussy shoe diaries anything that would like be trendable and like clickable and like
and and would have had like a gorilla feel to it too yeah I wouldn't have tried to make cheers
that doesn't make any sense if you don't know cheers exist and frankly if you aren't being told by
people magazine that cheers is worth watching you're not gonna watch it yeah yeah uh so I don't know
uh I think we did it wrong well it's it's tricky for sure and and and our show just came out on
Friday so I don't know I mean I will say this too about the the name of the show has not been an
easy name in the current country that we live in because like you know we were gonna put the show
out last month and then the las vegas shooting happened and youtube was like no no no no no no
no no yeah don't put it in they were like you know let's let's move in I was like yes absolutely
and then at a certain point you guys just do a little bit of ADR and change the name to the show
is would you like to avoid seeing a dead body at all costs and then it's like I hate yeah yeah
but I mean the only thing you can click on to guarantee you don't see one yeah there's like
one coming around the corner oh god yeah I mean like you know I've just told people like in press
and stuff like you know this is not me killing people there's no violence in the show it's just
a fucked up treasure hunt you know it's like me it's like stand by me you know it's like but
just with like funny adults that's really so but it's still like the name of it scared them a lot
I think it's you know just as far as shit that keeps happening you know like they're like oh yeah
we can't put it out now there was just you know yeah well let's wait until let's wait until these
mass shootings cool down yeah or until or until death death goes away until until until until
absolute oh like 100% saturation to the point where no one could possibly be offended because
it would be like if your show was called who wants to breathe oxygen yeah because there's just dead
bodies everywhere but but you know what's funny about this in like a weird like a magnolia ish
way is I'm just remembering it not to make us feel old but it's got to be almost 20 years ago
now when the human giant was on MTV and I had a sketch show on VH1 and the Virginia Tech massacre
happened yeah and um and it was like I think Columbine happened before that right Columbine
was before Virginia Tech but Virginia Tech was then like uh it was it was taken very seriously
um I didn't mean to say that in an eye-rolling way I'm just like saying with all of us it's like
Jesus Christ somebody send those people a message um about how serious to take death
the but the craziest I was watching MTV I was watching your guy's show and that sketch uh
blood blood packed blood oath yeah yeah it's a sketch uh sketch on the human giant show
the the guys are trying to decide where to where to eat lunch um during their business lunch and
they take a blood oath to yeah we decide to go to a barbecue place but just in order to guarantee
that no one will change their minds we go into like the storeroom of the store we work in like a
fucking little tiny little video game store we're like okay well let's just just so we're on the
same page like let's go take a blood oath you know so that no one changes where we're going today
you know so we go in the back and there's just this fucking ritual where we all slice up in our
hand and it becomes really gruesome and like when we drink blood it becomes like a bananas
maybe I mentioned this the last time you were you were were you and sheer on the show together
and on this show together maybe I last time yeah yeah and I did I did I bring this up I don't think
so but yeah so I'm watching that sketch and and the other thing is that also at the time
my my sketch show on vh1 like there was this cold open we wanted to do where there was a sniper
in the in the show or something there was like kind of an old sc tv style thing where it was just
like we would just have different gimmicks for our wrap around yeah like we wanted to just have
there was a sniper loose as a cinematic trope now you can't pitch that without you you would think
like oh you're doing a mass shooting jug it's like no snipers weren't that topical yeah yeah
they were a cinematic trope yeah um and uh and and so it started we when we wrote it it was that
and then Virginia Tech happened and then the word came down from vh1 um which is the same company
Viacom yeah uh it's saying like no don't can't do this don't do that sniper sketch and then you
turned on the tv and saw well I turn well here's what I saw and I still and I was like I thought
I was watching it and then so that sketches they take the blood oath so then it just goes insane
and it's like they're rubbing blood on each other's nipples and they're just like drinking blood
and it's going insane and it turns into this like satanic thing and there's just blood everywhere
and in the middle of it um just quietly and unceremoniously this giant lower third bug comes
up and it says uh MTV uh uh supports the families of the victims of the Virginia Tech massacre
are you serious uh it and it just stayed there during that sketch like just coincidentally
or they I didn't think it was a coincidence because of the note I got from vh1 I was like oh they
and I I parsed it in two I was like oh because we're not human giant we uh like we gotta get
our thing killed but it was but then I thought well be reasonable Dan they already shot this
it's airing and um they killed your script uh but this couldn't be killed so they brought
this bug up over and that's amazing I but I don't but then I talked to people about it later and
explain that story and so I don't know it could have been you even said like no that was that had
to be coincidence just sheer coincidence but it looked like they I don't yeah that would be I don't
think that they are organized enough to like go through their shows and know that there's a really
violent bloody sketch airing tonight we should put a we should put a a condolence message there but
that is perfect timing and also I don't know it sounds like something Viacom would do to
this is this is really perfect way of dealing with it because then the families of the victims
would be so relieved oh yeah they'd be watching the sketch they'd be watching the sketch well
it wasn't there blood everywhere when my brother got killed and so I'm feeling bad I think I should
start flipping the channel honey wait wait look there's a message we love you oh we love you
Donald um fuck if they're gonna put that lower third I'm cool with it I'm cool with this sketch
I think we killed Charles Manson did he just die he died at 816 is that true yeah did we kill him
with our words I think right at the time that we were talking about him dying he died we said
true we said Manson the third time and he his his juice wow yeah I don't want to become famous for
that maybe we were the Manson killer but something something tells me it was gonna happen wow yeah
so just uh is there any like what was it like just old age just uh I gotta I gotta go guys I'm
so sorry I'm so upset about this it's just like he was a cool guy nobody wants to be drunk right
now no no no he was just stay away I mean I gotta go I gotta go we should pour some more drinks we
should pour some more drinks deal with this I am so sad he I heard he he he hung himself in his cell
and his note said he's like look I know what's coming there's a lot of allegations yeah he didn't
fucked up stuff people might be talking about this he's like yeah I don't you know this is gonna ruin
me yeah Manson out I sexually assaulted Leslie van houten let's just say I did not run an equitable
ranch there will be allegations I don't know why he didn't get killed in the first place while there
wasn't a death penalty well because he I mean this is gonna sound I know how this is gonna make me sound
and maybe never but I was just about to go like well because he barely did anything yeah yeah but
that is the thing like I that's a 20 year old fetish I have not for Manson but just for like
exceptionalism like like I I just get mad or I used to get mad I think there's some residual
shit there where I would I just get mad about like how hypocritical we are about our treatment of
prisoners murderers whatever like like he killed I think he killed a couple people here and there
because he was a scumbag but he was in prison for his entire life because he had more influence
over kids than the government yeah and I just always is like this is horse shit like like like
I'm not that you should he should be out in the street but then again also like like like come on
like it like pick a lane society are you do you respect this guy or do you like like like like
I don't know man I remember seeing I've talked about on this podcast where I was like
like where I saw like this this like inside the prison where he was and there was like this like
security guard going like giving a tour of his cell and saying and like showing all the stuff
that he was making like these art project like he'd made like a tarantula out of sock threads
and it was like really looked like a tarantula sounds badass this is a good night to to to
doff of the cap to Charles Manson's arts and crafts and and and he he like the prison guard
kept picking up the stuff looks like he made a tarantula photo realistic tarantula out of
sock threads you know again he's not supposed to be doing this because he doesn't have his arts and
crafts card he lost it in February and I remember watching it going like where's your fucking card
for anything you screw and I was like as my girlfriend who was like a huge Roman Polanski
fan and who blames Roman Polanski's entire weekend shall we say she she just claims she blames I
that was my first fight with that girlfriend and I found out like she's like why why don't you
marry Charles Manson I was like what the fuck do you care what are you and she's like because
you ruined Roman Polanski's life and it was like it was one of those like fights with a girlfriend
where you actually kind of fall in love like like during the fight because you're like wow you're
you're fucked up too like you you you really love Roman Polanski anyways so he died just being
an old dude I'm pretty sure it's just being an old dude so wait refresh my memory so he so he
so he he just told people to kill people I mean yeah he was definitely guilty of murders throughout
his life but I think all of the murders that he actually committed himself he he was paid up on
those because our society does let you murder some people and like serve a couple years in
prison and he did do that and then but the real reason he was in prison is because he was like
a cult leader that that inspired people to go out and kill a bunch of people yeah and I always found
that a little I just now I'm 44 now he's dead I don't care I'm not an iconoclast anymore I want
my old Obama society back I want I just want to be I just want a hot cup of coffee and some
hypocrisy and some drone striking forced fucking like first world comfort I'm sorry I ever talked
a tall game I was never Noam Chomsky I was never off the grid I never ate any kind of pill I'm a
fucking pussy and I just want I just want my comfort back I'm sorry I ever sided with Charles
Manson but I just at the time I felt like if you if you if you made me pick a side between
the guy that's locked up for influencing people to murder people and the person who's saying
yeah he's not supposed to make this spider because he doesn't have his hurts and crafts
I just like I don't want to be on that team because then I'm next yeah I'm not going to tell
anybody to kill anybody but at the time I was like you know maybe I'll be influencing people
from a ranch at some point well in your rap you did yeah and it could still happen give me a beat
oh shit
yo it's about time we got a new Manson yo you feel like dancing to the new Manson beat to the beat
to the fucking feet put your feet down and it's gonna be beat beat up and beat down fuck your
mama so hard a smile was a frown turned her upside down fucked her again put my dick inside her
mouth did it again from 9 to 10 10 p.m refractory period yo new Manson yo start dancing left foot
right foot jump in the air fucked your mama so hard gave her long hair she became a hippie came
to my ranch said let's do something trippy go up in the hills kill people with a fork right pig on
the wall start a race war black people white people that was their plan does everybody know
that was their plan that was their plan Charles Manson was a fucking horrible racist that's the
other thing that I learned that's why I shouldn't be sympathetic to Manson Charles Manson was a
racist guy he said here's why we're gonna be the only ones left we're gonna start a race war
be the only ones left we're gonna go kill these famous people and right black people did it on
the wall basically and then everyone will kill each other and then they'll be in a shelter
shelter skelter they'll come out and never felt better all right Charles Manson yo don't stop the
beat don't stop the beat new Manson in the street new Manson's named Dan Harmon going on the ranch
he's causing no harm and just inspiring people to live but what's the shit you give gonna put me
in a cell next just cuz I sucked your mama's neck gave her a hickey Denver slipped her a mickey
was always consensual on the dance floor me and your mama go back a long way fucked her mama so
hard she's Doris Day and I'm Jean Kelly fuck your mama I tell my dick got smelly gross sorry
sorry sorry so disgusting bad rap is no no good a psa bad rap is no good metal isn't wood you can't
make a flute from a sewer cap rap rapidy rap I'm gonna rap about this and rap about that put my
left foot forward and my right foot back oh shit Manson's back get on the floor and tell it people
go out you don't need a steeple take your shit into the hills and fucking do some kills and right
help your skelter on the wall and then we'll get a race war from it all and we'll dig a bunker in
the ground and here's what we will have found that the black people killed all the white people and
then we'll have bottle caps for money and we'll be happy I'm not sure what the plan was okay here's
the deal I fucked your mama's heel rub my dick on the joint gave myself a point made a game of it
a parlor game fucked your mama fuck is the same but the the points given me an incentive when I
fuck I get inventive fucked your mama so hard she came fucked your mama did it again went to
Detroit fucked your mama in Beloit that's a place in Wisconsin
your mama is it's constant my cum all right no more fucking mamas it's the wrong time it's not
the right place to be disrespecting women all over the place rhyme place with place and then
you're gonna rhyme coming on her face and women are human beings they're they're equals and they
have feelings and we should respect them as partners but I fucked your mama really harder
than I've ever fucked your dad and when I fuck men and I'm not half bad I'm bisexual bi curious
I'm gonna fuck you so hard that you wonder what it is that I did with you last night and then
you'll go to work and you'll start to feel tight in your neck and your spine and part of your calf
and then you go to the doctor and they'll say what have you done and you'll say son went out with
Dan Harmon and the fun begun and he'll say don't do don't go out with him he's fucked up he goes to
the gym with Rob Hubel when he works out fucked his mama so she got the gout her legs got kind of
cramped on the ramp on the treadmill Rob Hubel gonna do it in the bubble Rob Hubel's mom's here
to stay Rob Hubel workout today Rob Hubel workout rap Rob Hubel don't take that Rob Hubel work
them bones Rob Hubel don't go home Rob Hubel gonna get fit Rob Hubel's mom's got tits I squeeze them
and I fuck them I lick her titties and suck them I've made his mom pregnant Rob Hubel is my son
Rob Hubel's my son that's where the story began I held Rob Hubel up and said be like your dad seven
up scintillating effervescent elevating bring my dick up to floor three take a pee there's a vast
difference between you and me in the elevator of my dick you see vast difference seminal vesicles
tube leading from metasticals semineferous tubules
youtube with the jewels youtube youtube semineferous youtubeuels
yo new Manson I'm dancing hopping down make a frown new Manson
new Manson new Manson just got born on sunday morn got all shaven and shorn eat some corn
mash it up make it soup pee it out eat it with poop put it on a plate with a fork
fuck your mama like my name was morc Mindy in the place to be
Pam dauber doesn't need more grief leave her out of it
new Manson new Manson Charles name inspiring is my game gonna talk to people tell him what to do
take out the forks killing through stab pregnant women then go swimming in their blood Roman
Polanski got so fucked up that he fucked a child that's what's up it's Charles Manson's fault
his hands were tied on that one apparently that's what they say
if it hadn't been for Manson he would have been a proud father Roman Polanski
it's kind of weird when you see his recent movies with Johnny Depp they're not that good
forgive me AFI top 100 fucked your mama so hard
shit Charles Manson
yeah Manson
sock threads sock threads make a spider
fuck your mama on a rider truck you haul don't matter which one ticket across the country to
have some fun move from new york to LA started this killing spree today started a cult on a
Manson ranch said go out there like your name was blanche on golden girls take this fork for a world
go stab some people with it all right we're talking in circles massacres blood virginia tech
families word johannesburg
all right stop new Manson man they could have
it's not it's not your guys job to put me out of my misery but yeah no well done sir
there were some catchy parts there were some catchy parts
well you you have done stuff for HBO and you've done stuff for adult swim that you've been a
producer is that something that you I know you're the best at bringing it back to me no this is the
but I don't want to ruin it by saying it but this is the perfect fucking show format it's like
just fucking that's my dream is just you like you like producing is it do you lean towards
producing more than performing um I don't love doing that because it's hard yeah I don't like
I tell you what I like I like it I'm as lazy as the next person I like it when you can show up
and uh and they wrote a really funny script and you do that script and if and if there's time
they're like in and improvise and also make it if you want to throw in your own jokes like I love
that but um more and more it that doesn't happen very so I feel like I write stuff out of necessity
like for for myself and that's not a sustainable life right like an actor's life I don't think that
it really caught off guard like it's like next to NFL player in how how well you're treated
for a very short time and then you can be and then you are you are your phone does not ring yeah
I just didn't ever want to be one of uh you know you you know you want to be able to control
things as much as you can and um and and I you know I I'm not a good writer I don't think I'm a
good writer but I uh it's fucking really hard or I have a hard time writing you probably just
fucking pound it out and it's genius but like I fucking sit there and like just sweat it out it's
so hard but uh I just you know is that the hardest part what's that is that the hardest part or is
the writing or is it harder to manage because the manager yeah yeah the managing of the thing
I've had help with because uh like for dead body and stuff I did that with the guys from Children's
Hospital with Abominable and so they help with all that and funnier die so I've had a lot of
support with I don't know how to fucking hire crews and do a budget for a show like I I sort of
hire someone to do that for me um but the actual like you know you but but so I try to focus on
like the writing and then like getting the right mix of actors to help us out other comedy people
to help us out so I like all that but but to your to your point I do that out of necessity
because like to just be like a guy that's popping up every now and then on tv shows and movies like
that you can't I don't know how you would can do that anymore like I think you have to have like
you know I would just have to panic the whole time yeah you have to be creating stuff you know
you have to uh because even if you're successful I think that those psychological of not controlling
your own destiny is still a mind fucker which makes me admire actors because they I mean it's to be
able to suppress that anxiety and not like succumb to that completely insane yeah but I I do get
very jealous of people that um that just fucking show you know they just like oh and then I was on
this show and then I would did this huge movie and now I'm I'm fucking set you know it's like
I just haven't had that and like yeah you know um but more power to you if like that's yeah
yeah if you can be a guy for hire yeah but what is the goal the goal because I I I've been a fool I
think or have I maybe I'm nailing it I don't know because I just feel like I've spent so long in
such a panic and I've backed into well it's like it's like there's this fundamental layer of like
well you gotta not be homeless you gotta not end up fucked up like like like you gotta end up not
stupid like like that you you didn't see this trend or that trend coming or the you know you didn't
see your own obsolescence you didn't you gotta it's it's I just have this very Wisconsin like
just terror in me that I don't even think about it's just there it's just the foundation of my life
it's like you gotta retire which is so funny because it's like I'm not yeah I have no desire to
like I do like I would fucking I like not knowing the answer to that question is called freedom
all you have to do is find a million dollars under a rock and then I yeah I do Rick and Morty
I do stuff for fun like I I oh no come back come back well I was just thinking I was just
thinking about the fact that I'm yeah I'm just so wrong about everything because I always I do all
this shit you know and it probably like it's like Rick and Morty comes from such joy so easy
it's like adult swim said do something and I said well I don't want to do something bad so I called
Justin and then like just just just yes and Justin into this thing that makes so many people happy
that then also now is the thing that I'm gonna end up that is gonna represent the biggest paycheck
I've ever gotten out of all the shit that I've ever done and it it's also the thing that was just
fun so what is all this other daffy duck shit that I'm always pulling where I'm like well you
know I think that fiber optic is the future so I want to get in a room with Taco Bell and
talk to them about a sketch show made of ground beef yeah where you can vote for each crouton and
I've got I call it the Harmon Taco Deluxe uh package and like like I'm trying to be a producer
because I'm in a panic you know yeah I don't I don't know the answer I guess it just depends on
what yeah what you how you value your time and how you value your sanity and and and how and if money
is the most important thing or if it's just like oh I want to make something that I really like and
you know I don't know I don't know it's different for everybody I guess except for the hustle the
hustle is the same for all yeah yeah whether it comes from wanting to retire earlier whether it
comes from having to put foot on the table or whether it comes from wherever it's it does not
change well that's what's funny but you've been great at it well I don't know about great but I
just try to fucking keep doing shit but uh but thank you for saying that but but that's what's
funny to me is like people online or whatever like on Twitter or whatever just like what when people
say like why the fuck would you do that what you know see you in something that shitty like oh why
would you do it's like well one you just try a lot of shit some of it is good some of it is not good
you saw something that wasn't that good I'm doing other shit too you know um but I agree with you
that thing was not that good you know like you know whatever but uh why were you in Garfield seven
yeah yeah yeah um and then and then yeah but then there's stuff like that like like I would be in
Garfield seven in a heartbeat well because the stakes are pretty low like you shouldn't care if
you're why are you watching Garfield seven exactly that's that's what I say why the fuck are you
watching why why did you see me at that party yeah yeah I would love to be in Garfield seven
I feel like that stigma has gone away which is a good thing probably but it's gone away because
like that Hollywood like edifice has been cracked like we're we're on it like people look at what
we do as honest labor now a little bit they look at it as very very privileged like we're lucky
because I haven't lifted a box in years yeah um and I have a five bedroom house and I don't have
five children I have two dogs and some slim gyms and and and it's like so it's a mansion
relative to what I've done and who I am and it's a fucking wonderful life um and so it's
but I do at the same time think that on an unconscious level people don't think about it
anymore the way they used to I remember when David Cross was in small soldiers too or something
and I was like what David yeah because I was fresh off the boat from Milwaukee and was like
oh yeah it's just everything was a choice and everything mattered and like I don't think any
I can't imagine anybody's like Aubrey Plaza why'd you do Grumpy Cat like like like I don't I think
the answer to everything now is because it's a joke because life's a joke right because
because working is important and it also sometimes it's like it was December and there was nothing
else going on I wanted to go to fucking you know they were shooting it in Australia and I thought
that'd be a fun place to go but that old world I was in the middle of depression and they called
so I had to get off the couch yeah or I just broke up with my boyfriend and I wanted to get away
from him so I went to yeah me wondering why David Cross is in small soldiers too uh comes from this
weird old world supposition that the goal is to become Kerry Grant or something that there's gonna
be like like Laura you're gonna be in Lawrence of Arabia if you play your cards right or you're
gonna beat Bill Murray and like I just don't we don't we see that doesn't exist anymore I don't
yeah it's hard to tell though because it's a moving target because like my world has become
completely different so I don't know if when I like I don't know if the world has changed or I've
changed but when I see a a poster on a bus stop and like Paul F. Tompkins is looking out from
behind a genie bottle or whatever that's I'm making that up that's not real but but if if I saw that
I would be like I toot my horn and go like fuck yes Paul F. get it get that paycheck yes um but
I don't but maybe that's that's a total distortion of of working out here yeah I don't I don't know
that those uh that that status exists anymore of like oh then you just like the Kerry Grant
analogy is like a good one but yeah I don't I don't think that exists I don't think you ever
graduate to this stratosphere where then you just fucking like coast you know and you're just in
the fucking huge awesome projects I mean maybe like I feel like Chris Pratt has done that you know
like in a in a cool way like he's in huge cool movies and uh you know uh you know even Middle
Ditch is doing phone ads that and and usually you didn't do those at the same time you do a series
get off the series and you'd be like do you guys miss me I'm repping I'm repping a product but
when I see Middle Ditch on that phone ad my first thought is cha-ching yeah like yeah so happy
smart I think all that has changed I think the the commercial thing has changed I think like
now yeah there's no shame in that like I feel like that's just fucking and it's simultaneous their
money yeah you're on a tv show yeah and you've got great commercials it's great yeah cuz and I
would feel the same way about an NFL player like if you I I'm not a fan of sports but every time I
see an athlete in a sock commercial or something I'm like oh good save your money like don't like
you're a gladiator and they're gonna murder you and hang you up to dry I'm like it's so great for
you and your family that you got to like advertise beef steak or something like like if you make it
through that thing like just put that money in a coffee can and fucking guard it with a shotgun
like buy a house in the worst part of the country and so that it stays there forever stay form
it's the greatest assurance that'll play stay form my name is jumping jack the lightning
you probably ask yourself why I'm at our hop is there is there any commercial not that you were
doing him but is there any commercial that Shaq will not be back pain like bad pills
taco bell pepsi don't backpill the pins underwear yeah yeah I was at the I was at the Turner
up front and who was the it was the combination of like Conan and I think Charles Barkley and
uh Anderson Cooper like really fun but I was I was a mate like Charles Barkley is like really
funny as I was like really is he known as among that I don't know him he's hilarious but I mean
do people do people like is his reputation is he like the Jenny McCarthy of basketball players
in that it's like oh look he can like make faces too it's like he's the David Lee Roth of
um basketball players you're like man fuck this you're funny but fuck this dude
but he does have uh he's got bits he's the comic relief but that that Shaquille O'Neal
uh way's voice careful there's an obstruction coming up don't have a Shaq's a dent amazing we love that
I like yeah like there's a there's tarot cards we have for different people like we we need an
Athena we need an Aphrodite we need a Zeus we need a Hermes like we like like Arnold Schwarzenegger
occupied this like me for like so long it was just like his catchphrases were parodies of
catchphrases which were parodies of catch as it's like he like like like you always want that like
big dumb brute like like like somebody that kind of sounds like they're an oaf yeah and that they
just like say stuff like Shaq's a dent I'm not I'm sorry Shaquille O'Neal if I called you an oaf
like I don't I don't know if you have a 146 thank you I you're a giant like maybe you sound slow
because your heart is probably beating like a whale's like like I guess probably it's probably
like when you when you listen to the whale beats and it's like boom because it's like a bucket of
blood has to go up nine feet you are never going to be on his podcast there's no way I'm digging
myself out of this nine foot uh 300 pound hole of making fun of Shaquille O'Neal I didn't mean to
call him slow I feel like I should just leave you here to wallow in this hole but we have to wrap
it up much better you can help me no Brandon no talk to tiny Brandon for me tell him to help me with
Shaq tiny brand is pissed off too tiny brand is fucked I am fucked I have no support system in
the african-american community let's uh let's take him home with something sweet did we talk
through a whole podcast did we do it we actually do it thank you so much Rob Hubel dude thanks
for letting me come out here and and I gotta say man uh new Manson should that I hope that catches
fire yeah I just got a text from Ryan Seacrest once we clear it uh I you're hanging out with him
right now with the same height it seems like he has more shit to deal with right now than
texting you no it's pretty much 16 hours a day and then he goes back to work he's always texting
does anybody ever connect with dots between Seacrest and Watercrest there's no probably
nothing to do there right Seacrest like it feels it feels like a rap song about to happen yeah
all right well thanks and even Hubel Hubel might have to jump in on this one for just a couple
of bars yeah I think I'll have to throw it to both of you I'll fuck it up oh shit yo okay right
about now it's time to rap a rapping it's not about just clapping it's not about fur trapping
not turn of the century inter overlapping we're just waiting for that beat to drop a little
colonial nightmare sea to sea shining coast to coast look at me a Plymouth rock don't land it on me
because I ain't doing nothing but slinging rock you see from Staten Island to the coast and Maine
and to the Bahamas is my game I got every burrow I can name them by name I got Queens Brooklyn
Bahamas and Maine yo I knew all of New York I could count the times like my fingers were a fork
my name's Poseidon and I live under the water I'm fucking mamas and I'm also fucking daughters
because everyone is a fish to me and I can talk to fish as well as you can see and you can see
in the dark but you cannot see me because I'm the monster that's coming after thee I talk biblical
when I'm stretching for a rhyme I talk biblical when the forks need a time I talk biblical
when I'm grabbing another time I'm Poseidon and I talk biblical to dodge shit yo I fucked your mama
so hard fucked your mama so hard fucked your mama for a hundred yards throwing it to MC Hubel
now tears on the face of Ryan Seacrest tears on the face of Ryan Seacrest he thought he was the
best but he is a monster Seacrest you know you did it
like a alcoholic sponsor you was a monster back to Hubel check out the beats rams ain't you too
yo yo stalling stalling for the beat waiting for it to drop
up yes right about now tricky beat stalling for beats stalling for rhymes stalling for
times stalling for feats stalling all the time stalling for crimes stalling all across this
country line new manson favorite song new manson is my favorite song except for the part about
murdering pregnant women not cool with that not cool with that
super stony beat super stony all my feet weed is what you like to smoke when you have got
two fights a bully at your school or house smoke that weed then go downtown and get
some Seacrest a sandwich for him to eat and then a drive the beat back to your house where
Seacrest lives he lives in the mouse with his friends oh now Brandon's gonna take it like
milk from a cow he's gonna squeeze the udders and make you all shudder Brandon Johnson in the house
now i might not take that shit like milk but i come dressed oh so silk clean as fuck oh my god so
sharp i fucked this motherfucking mom straight up in a park after dark we be running around getting
down i'm a fucking queen so hard knock off the ground i'm fucking mamas my dick is causing mad
drama look at me damn i really miss obama anyway back to your mom is how we parlay
got her on the back split the pussy open like a filet niggas sir that shit i'm a frequency your
mama hit it now banging on them drums call it time uh shout out the timer or shall we say
Ludwig owie owie look at what the kid just did jumped on stage and he's fucking like someone
shit it i'ma pass it back to you then come on and get it i can't believe you get to say the n word
i can't believe you get to say the n word i'm gonna use that as an excuse why my rhymes are weaker
than yours you can say niggling no no no no no no no no all right well keep your mama giggling
right about now we're not gonna try to follow that we're gonna leave this world like a cat in a hat
it's a week we've gotten uh brandon johnson's rhymes leave us besotten that's not a word
it's been a good show it hasn't been a turd if it did seem like a turd it had some healthy peanuts in
it and those were our words we spoke from the heart we spoke from the head i fucked your mama
until kick turned to bread uh reverse mitis i make shit less valuable new man son yo new man
soon was had its moments yo zack McKeever was on beats he also does all the audio treats but not
just treats he does all the foundations everything you hear is due to zack McKeever's nation christ
maruff is the man that directs the show he looks through his eyes and so you go if you are immersed
it's due to his talent yo alan havy sarah hill oh shit sarah hill oh shit sarah sarah hill go up
the hill come down again she's not just Kris Boruff's girlfriend that's not fair to her she
does a lot of work she keeps the show together she comes up with the titles she gives them to me
on a list and that makes me entitled to pick one of them and then i say i'll choose that one and
then she also okay uh all right we ran out of beat um and uh shout out to steve levy and now we got a
levy good night oh no and fabricus thank you as well this has been Harmontown thank you to rod
people thank you for having me watch do you want to see a dead body on youtube red i've been brandon
johnson in for jeff davis we miss you so much jeff davis hurry on back we also miss your church
we'll see you next time good night peace out
you